=About

I18n backend which allows to store/get the translations from a database using a sequel.

==Install

Simply install it as any other gem:

  gem install i18n_backend_sequel

Or when using bundler, add it got your Gemfile:

  gem i18n_backend_sequel

This should also install the geokit gem.

==Quick Start

Create the table used to store i18n translations:

  create_table :i18n_translations do |t|
    String :locale, :null => false
    String :key, :null => false
    String :value, :text => true
    String :interpolations, :text => true
    TrueClass :is_proc, :null => false, :default => false
    primary_key [:locale, :key]
  end

Make I18n use it as its backend:

  I18n.backend = I18n::Backend::Sequel.new

If you want sequel to add missing translations to the database prepend this too:

  I18n::Backend::Sequel.send(:include, I18n::Backend::Sequel::Missing)

==Todo

* Source documentation (rdoc)
* Tests

==Contributing

If you'd like to contribute a feature or bugfix: Thanks! To make sure your
fix/feature has a high chance of being included, please read the following
guidelines:

1. Fork the project.
2. Make your feature addition or bug fix.
3. Add tests for it. This is important so we don’t break anything in a future version unintentionally.
4. Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history. (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
5. Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.


